Add information / content in angular roadmap (#2087)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/104-angular/content/100-typescript-basics/103-type-inference.md

> # Type inference
> In TypeScript, there are several places where `type inference` is used to provide type information when there is no explicit type annotation. The type of the x variable is inferred to be number. This kind of inference takes place when initializing variables and members, setting parameter default values, and determining function return types. For example, `let x: number`. In most cases, type inference is straightforward. In the following sections, we’ll explore some of the nuances in how types are inferred. For example, `let x: (number | null)[]`
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/type-inference.html'>Type Interface - typescriptlang</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ui_st7rtfA'>Type Interfcae video for Beginners</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Type Inference

In TypeScript, several places where `type inference` is used to provide type information when there is no explicit type annotation. The type of the x variable is inferred to be a number. This inference occurs when variables and members are initialized, set parameter default values are, and determine function return types. For example, `let x: number`. In most cases, type inference is straightforward. In the following sections, we’ll explore some nuances in how types are inferred. For example, `let x: (number | null)[]`

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/type-inference.html'>Type Interface - typescriptlang</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ui_st7rtfA'>Type Inference video for Beginners</BadgeLink>
```
